There'll be a hundred
thousand hectares
of hazard production burns
across the state this...
Prices at rock bottom
for one day only.
just this weekend.
Rose?
Rose!
Sarge. Blue backpack. 45 litre.
Picked it up at a
shop in Mansfield.
Identical to the one
Jean Grierson used.
Good. I want photos for the
circular. Anything from KALOF?
Ah. no sightings of Starc.
He's gone up in smoke.
I've got the extra
sat-phone. Sarge.
Great.
Wait. what's he doing up here?
Michael Novak. Public
servant. Brighton East.
Vanished here 12 months
ago. Never been found.
Yeah. he's the dill who ran
out of petrol up on Timbertop.
It's a rookie mistake leaving
your vehicle. it's nothing suss.
It could be part of a pattern.
It might not be linked.
but Rez is right.
got to look at every angle.
Hey. what's up?
What the hell are
you doing here?
I've had half the state
police force looking for you.
I've been here.
They found your
caravan burnt out.
Yeah. I was in it when those
bastards firebombed me.
I barely got out of it alive.
And you didn't think to let
anyone know that you were okay?
Well. who would care?
There's people in this town
who want to see me dead.
thanks to you involving
me in this case.
Ah. she's in here.
I'm going to want
to talk to you.
- Oh. you alright?
- Yes! Oh. thank you.
I'm Sergeant Whitford.
Ms. De Vigny.
I told Helen I didn't need
the hospital or the police.
Ms. De Vigny. I'm
investigating a murder
and two missing locals.
What happened to you
could be linked to what's
happening around here.
Oh no. I'm sure they were
just trying to scare me.
Scare you? Why?
For harbouring the
town pariah. of course.
There's a lot of hysteria
in this town over Damien.
Is Damien Starc a
friend of yours?
Well he's helped me
through some tough times.
Yes. the man has a gift.
Did you recently fire a gun
at a man on this property?
My niece's ex. Joel.
I fired into the air.
Is it possible that
he did this to you?
No. he's a domestic abuser.
Worst kind of coward.
I'm going to need
a full statement.
Oh no. please.
Without one I cannot
investigate this properly.
Look. it'll just
inflame the situation.
I'd rather you put your efforts
into clearing poor
Damien's name.
We'll start with your car
details. registration?
Ahh...
She's playing it cool now.
but when I found her. she
was pretty freaked out.
Shit babe. so was I.
You did the right
thing in calling me.
God. it was safer in the city.
Come here.
See you tonight.
- How long have you been here?
- Since the fire.
I called Rose and she
kindly offered me sanctuary.
Did you see who
torched your van?
Any ideas who it might've been?
Take your pick.
Okay. I'll look into it.
Just pulled an all-nighter?
Waste of fucking time.
If they haven't been found
now. they never will be.
Just so we're clear.
I find out you boys had
anything to do with that fire
at Starc's caravan.
I'll come down on you
like a ton of shit.
Wasn't us.
Showbag. No whistle. Showbag.
Bring the torch back. Alright.
You're not going to believe
it. Starc's at Rose's place.
What?
Rose's fine. but whoever
attacked her is still out there.
Alert all the searches out
there to be extra cautious.
Righto. Well.
perfect timing then.
because you guys can
make up a group of three.
You all geared up for
the night. just in case?
Yep.
Maintain visual
contact with your team.
because if there's
some maniac out there.
your radio is only good
in line of sight. Alright?
Yep.
Copy that.
Base station to all
searchers. heads up guys.
We've had an incident
in the local area
that may or may not be
related to the current search.
Yeah.
Made a fresh pot.
You tell Andie everything?
So you should.
Honesty. openness.
keys to a successful
partnership.
Do you believe in karma. Helen?
Ah...
Yes. absolutely. It's
the bookkeeper in me.
Oh. you don't think you
deserve what happened to you?
You're the victim here. Rose.
Damien's the real victim here.
You know what he's
been accused of?
Those monsters tried
to burn him alive.
And now a woman's been murdered.
More people are missing.
I think it's this town's karma
for the way they've treated him.
Thanks for the tea.
I've tried.
I'm not getting anything.
Try harder.
You predicted it. You
saw me in the woods.
Why can't you see
who attacked me?
All I'm getting is your fear.
I need to know who and why.
You know why.
You know. why.
If I knew why I wouldn't
bother asking you.
David!
Claire!
Showbag. there's a
reflection away to the east.
I reckon about 2 ks away.
I'm going to check it out.
Yeah. roger that.
Keep in contact.
Whitford.
Heard from Showbag that you're
not answering your radio.
I checked the coordinates
on your sat-phone.
You're way outside your
search grid. Sarge.
Are you lost?
No. Brett. I'm not lost.
I was following a sighting.
Okay. from where you are.
you're not going to be
back here before dark.
I've got my gear.
I'll manage!
The search for missing
couple. Claire Harris...
Can you get that!
continues in the
Victorian High Country.
Sure. but what is it?
Ah. just answer it.
- Hello?
- Hi Ki.
Oh. hey Andie.
Yeah. Mum's just making dinner.
When are you home?
I'm out camping in the bush.
You hate camping.
She's what?
Okay. I'll put you onto
Mum. Bye. have fun.
What is going on?
I got caught up in the search
and now it's too
far back to base.
But don't worry.
I've got a tent.
Oh! Don't worry! Andie. your
the world's worst camper.
Please tell me you're not alone.
Relax. Hel. I got my gun.
- Have you at least got food?
- Yeah.
I'm making up lasagne.
Oh. really?
Oh well. maybe you can take
the leftovers up to Rose
and you can spoon-feed her.
Hey?
Is everything okay?
Yeah. of course.
Just missing ya.
I wish you were
here. safe with me.
Yeah. me too.
It's actually pretty
beautiful where I am.
The sky.
Wish you could see it.
Oh. I'm looking at it now.
Nah. it's different up here.
Everything's different.
The sound. the air. the country.
It's so...
I don't...
- It's like...
- Hello?
No. you're dropping out.
Oh shit. I think I'm going
to lose the satellite.
Hey. I love you.
Hey! Hey. who's out there?
I'm a police officer!
Coming to the vigil tonight?
Earth to Andie.
Oh. thanks Tammy.
Yeah. everyone's talking
about Rose De Vigny.
Whole town's on edge.
And Damien's caravan?
Well some people are saying
he torched it himself
to cover his tracks.
We don't know that.
Well. he's hiding
up there with Rose.
Must be guilty of something.
If he is Tammy. then I'll
make sure he pays for it.
Pretty nice view. isn't it?
So you and the Sergeant. eh?
Mustn't be easy.
You probably thought
you were coming up here
for a quiet life.
Yeah...
I better get back.
Stress can poison a marriage.
My wife. she never believed
what they said about me. Never!
But when most of the
people in this town
turned against me.
she couldn't cope.
It was the way that
they looked at her.
like she knew what I'd
done and she accepted it.
It was just so insidious.
I don't blame her for taking
off. She lives in Sydney now.
She got remarried. They've
got two young kids.
My ex-partner has
a new family too.
Despite the cold.
people have turned out
tonight in the main street
to show their support and
demand answers from local police
as to why two of
their own went missing
and are yet to be found.
Tonight marks the
end of the fifth day
in the search for missing
High Country pair.
Claire Harris and David Miers.
Concerns have escalated
after the attempted
abduction two nights ago...
Andie!
So. Starc turns up at
Rose De Vigny's farm
same day she's
attacked on the road.
I told you he could escalate.
I'm surprised you
didn't arrest him.
I need something
called evidence. first.
- Can I show you something?
- Hm-mm.
Get your expert opinion.
Where'd you take these?
About 5 ks east of Newman's Hut.
I spent last night there alone.
What were you doing
up there on your own?
This is the last photo
taken. obviously not by me.
3:23 this morning.
Asleep in my tent.
Ah. sounds like
Ghillie Jack to me.
Jack Stoll. ex-army fella.
He was kicked out of
the Corps years ago.
He's been living in the
bush up there ever since.
Why do you call
him Ghillie Jack?
He's a bit of an odd
bod. maybe even a pest.
He's been known to do some
strange things over the years.
Like getting around
in a Ghillie suit.
I've got a town full
of anxious people.
I can't believe you
haven't mentioned it.
Jack's eccentric.
Maybe even a nutter.
but he's no murderer.
I still need to
question this bloke.
Huh. he's an expert in
counter-surveillance. Andie.
And I'm like a dog on a bone.
- I'll bring him in.
- Hmm.
How's Rose?
Okay.
I spoke to Damien today
about his ex-wife.
Pretty sad story.
Yeah. don't let him suck
you in. He did that to me.
he made me feel sorry for him.
You weren't alone with him?
No.
He said he was up at the farm
when Rose was attacked.
Do you know if that's true
or anyone seen him up there?
What? You think he
did that to Rose?
Maybe it's not a great idea
that you go back up there.
I'd just feel happier if
you kept clear of him.
It was your idea for me to
paint again in the first place.
I'm not saying you can't paint.
Oh. where? In the kitchen?
I go up to the farm to work.
Okay.
But just promise me you won't
be alone with that guy. ever.
I'm serious. Helen.
Okay. Yes ma'am!
Ah. we're wasting
our time. mate.
Come on.
What is it. Archie?
Stand. Archie.
Ahh...
Rose. can I get you
something to eat?
Rose?
Sophie! Jesus.
Have you seen Rose?
I think she went to the shed.
A bit odd though.
She took her gun.
Oh Rose. don't!
Are you spying on me? Get out!
No. I was just. I
was. I was worried.
Sophie said you were
up here with your gun.
Get out!
Found them.
Big bush. Small binoculars.
Recognise them? They
were at Newman's Hut.
Ever go there. looking
for stuff to steal?
I don't steal. I scavenge.
You're known to terrorise
hikers on the trail.
I'm not a terrorist.
You just like to
have some fun. hey?
Give them a bit of a scare.
Having fun's not a crime.
Possessing unregistered
firearms is!
And then there's this...
Trespass!
Using a telecommunication
device to menace.
Plus it's weird.
You use this to
scare people away?
You've got no idea what that is.
Enlighten me.
I recorded them
sounds in the bush.
Sent 'em to me mate in the city.
who specialises
in cryptozoology.
He ran 'em through his machine.
Nothing known. human or animal.
is capable of
making those sounds.
If you're asking me who
took those missing people.
Yowies?
- Seriously?
- I've seen them.
I suppose Yowies did all this?
Hung up some decorations.
strung up the pig.
Went shopping for the
wire in town. did they?
I set that. trying to trap one.
Yeah. you're pretty
good at setting traps.
I like me privacy.
You don't like people
getting too close.
Did Claire Harris and
David Miers get close?
Did they get caught
in one of your traps?
You can't pin this shit on me.
You roam the High Country.
You're known to scare hikers.
Did you come across Jean
Grierson four months ago
on the Buller to Stirling trail?
Did you try to scare her? Did
you do more than scare her?
Come on. tell me where you
really got these binoculars from
and don't give me that.
"I found 'em" bullshit.
Where's Claire Harris
and David Miers?
What have you done
to them. Jack?
Where are they?
Hey. look... Shit!
- Put him on his side.
- Jack! Jack?
Ambulance. Brokenridge
Police Station.
Oh. it was some kind of seizure.
but we'll run some
tests and let you know.
Thanks.
Brokenridge 370 to
Brokenridge 250.
Yeah. I'm on my way back
from the search area. Sarge.
I've located Rose
De Vigny's car.
Whereabouts?
2 ks east of Nelson's Flat.
I've notified
Mansfield Crime Scene.
Okay. good work.
Hey Rez. can you follow
these fellas to Mansfield
and then organise a watch
with the local coppers. 24/7.
Thanks.
- Also. Sarge.
- Ah. go ahead Brett.
You see that email
from forensics?
Um. what email?
Analysis on the steel tip
found in Jean
Grierson's collarbone.
Murder weapon's been identified.
- A Dang Hua hunting knife?
- That's the one.
Hello. what's your name?
Kayden Shanks.
And do you know
who I am. Kayden?
- The new copper.
- Hmm.
The other day when I was here.
you were playing
with one of these.
Can you tell me
where you got it?
Kayden?
He got it off that
arsehole. Damien Starc.
Go get yourself a snag buddy.
I caught Kayden
in Starc's caravan
and not for the first time.
I warned Starc to stay
the hell away from my kid.
He wouldn't listen.
- You were pissed off?
- Well. wouldn't you be?
Oh. I didn't do that.
No. no. no. no. no. No way!
Now you need to be talking to
one of these little
shits over here.
Yeah. you. I'm looking
at you. Finn McKenzie.
I saw what you did. mate.
I didn't do nothing. Bullshit!
I saw one of them light
that bottle up and throw it.
- It wasn't me.
- Well. it was one of ya.
Okay. so who was it?
Either you kids tell
me who torched the van
or I'll arrest the lot of you.
It was me.
I did it.
It was an accident.
You accidentally threw a flaming
bottle of petrol at a caravan?
I was aiming at one of the
rubbish bins. I just missed.
Why were you throwing it at all?
It was a dare.
Those kids dared her to do it.
if she wanted to be
part of their gang.
Their what?
You lied to me. both of you.
You told me it would
be okay here. It's not.
It fucking sucks!
You also told me
to make friends.
Make friends! Not join a gang.
Oh God. they're not like that.
Seriously Mum. you
just don't get it.
Tough day at the office?
This town is starting to
give me the shits. Sam.
Well. unlike you. I've
had a bit of luck.
I caught these little
buggers in the Delatite.
and that's not easy.
It's an east-west orientation.
so it's exposed to the sun.
So. how did you two meet?
Um...
AA.
Andie was there for her
mum. I was there for me.
Ah. sounds a... romantic.
[Helen and Rose laughing]
Guess it must have worked.
12 years later. still sober.
Here's to love.
sobriety and family.
You don't believe in
love then Kirra. huh?
Oh. she's had a big day.
Yeah. so I heard.
It's all over town.
Russell Shanks told Scooter
and well. Scooter's got a
mouth on him like a Murray Cod.
Oh great.
well let's just hope
they gossip for a day
and then they forget about it.
I wouldn't bet on it.
It won't be forgotten.
At least not until
she's charged.
- Oh. you can't.
- What?
- You're charging me.
- You can't charge her.
She firebombed someone's home.
Well you heard her.
it was an accident.
I've got no choice. I have to
treat you like anyone else.
But she's not anyone
else. She's our daughter.
Do we have to talk
about this now?
What do you know
about farming. Kirra?
You see. when I was in charge.
I set up a community program
to put young offenders
to work on local farms.
Young offenders!
Andie's right. I'm afraid.
She is going to have
to charge Kirra.
It's a pretty
serious offence too.
I mean. it'd be hard to
argue lack of intent.
given it was a Molotov cocktail.
I've teed it up with
Grant next door.
Six days a week. 5:30 to 7:30.
In the afternoon?
No. in the mornings.
That's when most of
Grant's work gets done.
You might even learn
a thing or two.
No way.
Who said you have a choice?
Sorry about that.
It's the crusty old cop in me.
Thanks for the fish.
Shovel the manure into
this. then wheel it outside
and dump it in the shit pit.
When you're finished here.
you can do the bigger
yards down back.
Helen. you're not going are you?
Please. I am so sorry
about yesterday.
I'm still a bit jumpy
after what happened.
but pointing a gun at
you is unforgivable.
The box. it's my
rainy day stash.
Money from farmer's
markets over the years.
Income I haven't declared.
Well. you know how tight
things are at the moment.
Cash off the books.
You sure you want to be
telling your bookkeeper that.
Ex-bookkeeper.
You won't say anything. will
you? Especially to Andie.
It's none of my business.
I won't say anything
to Andie or anyone.
Thank you.
I don't want you to
think badly of me.
What is it? Kirra?
Kirra's at school. I'm here
to talk to Ms. De Vigny.
Oh Sergeant. please
call me Rose.
Did Senior Constable Sweet
contact you yesterday?
About my car? Yes.
Yes. it's in town now.
I'll arrange to have it
brought back up to you today.
But Crime Scene found
fingerprints inside it
that were a match for a. um.
he's a bushy. He's ex-army.
- The Ghillie man?
- You know him?
Well no. but he's
a local legend.
He told Mansfield police
that he found your car
and siphoned the tank.
I still want to talk to him.
but I reckon he either
dropped that tree
or he acted opportunistically.
So he didn't target me?
You were just in the wrong
place at the wrong time.
Oh!
Excuse me.
Mr. Starc. can I have a word?
I found out who
torched your van.
It was a group of local
kids. They did it as a dare.
Let me guess. Finn
McKenzie and his mates?
Actually it was my
daughter. Kirra.
who threw the Molotov cocktail.
She didn't mean to hit your
van. but that's no excuse.
She's going to be charged
and we will personally pay
for a new caravan and
anything else that you need.
That's okay.
It's insured.
Look. I really want you
to keep working with me
as a consultant on this case.
I promise we'll keep it
just between the two of us.
I think you could
have a lot to offer.
Thanks.
Excuse me.
Sergeant Whitford.
I don't want a tablet.
Okay. Okay. It's going
to make you feel better.
No. no. no. no.
For God's sake. just
take the damn pill. Mum.
Good job.
Good work. I am so sorry.
I just got on shift and no
one knows how she got out.
Everyone is
mortified. Thank you.
Where were you going?
Home.
This is home now. You
can't go back to Melbourne.
You never liked
that other place.
All you ever did was
complain about it.
Why am I here?
I told you.
to be close to me.
- Andrea?
- Yes. Mum.
Why are you wearing that?
I'm a police officer.
I know that. but you
don't wear that outfit.
Not for years.
Gone back to uniform.
You been demoted. love?
- Ah!
- Hey. hey. hey. hey.
- Get out of way.
- Hey. someone stop him.
Jack! Jack! Stop where
you are right now!
Stop right there.
He got away. Sarge.
This better be good.
He unscrewed the
railing on his bed
and jimmied opened the window.
I stepped out for half a minute.
He's our chief suspect.
Fuck suck. Reza!
Whoa.
I need your help.
With what?
Tracking.
Because I'm a black fella?
Fair call.
Who you trying to track?
Ghillie Jack. He's escaped.
We've been out to his old
camp. but he's cleared out.
Just need you to
pick up his trail
and point me in the
right direction.
Oh right. and you'll take
it from there. will you?
- Can you roll that swag up?
- Sure.
Look. I'll just head
out there myself.
You'll just get in the way.
Pffft...
I just need to know
where his new camp is.
You get eyes on.
report back to me.
You cannot engage him.
Engage him? That
guy's a nut job.